1 	 films adapted from comic books have had plenty of success , whether they're about superheroes ( batman , superman , spawn ) , or geared toward kids ( casper ) or the arthouse crowd ( ghost world ) , but there's never really been a comic book like from hell before .
1 	 for starters , it was created by alan moore ( and eddie campbell ) , who brought the medium to a whole new level in the mid '80s with a 12-part series called the watchmen .
1 	 to say moore and campbell thoroughly researched the subject of jack the ripper would be like saying michael jackson is starting to look a little odd .
1 	 the book ( or " graphic novel , " if you will ) is over 500 pages long and includes nearly 30 more that consist of nothing but footnotes .
1 	 in other words , don't dismiss this film because of its source .
1 	 if you can get past the whole comic book thing , you might find another stumbling block in from hell's directors , albert and allen hughes .
1 	 getting the hughes brothers to direct this seems almost as ludicrous as casting carrot top in , well , anything , but riddle me this : who better to direct a film that's set in the ghetto and features really violent street crime than the mad geniuses behind menace ii society ?
1 	 the ghetto in question is , of course , whitechapel in 1888 london's east end .
1 	 it's a filthy , sooty place where the whores ( called " unfortunates " ) are starting to get a little nervous about this mysterious psychopath who has been carving through their profession with surgical precision .
1 	 when the first stiff turns up , copper peter godley ( robbie coltrane , the world is not enough ) calls in inspector frederick abberline ( johnny depp , blow ) to crack the case .
1 	 abberline , a widower , has prophetic dreams he unsuccessfully tries to quell with copious amounts of absinthe and opium .
1 	 upon arriving in whitechapel , he befriends an unfortunate named mary kelly ( heather graham , say it isn't so ) and proceeds to investigate the horribly gruesome crimes that even the police surgeon can't stomach .
1 	 i don't think anyone needs to be briefed on jack the ripper , so i won't go into the particulars here , other than to say moore and campbell have a unique and interesting theory about both the identity of the killer and the reasons he chooses to slay .
1 	 in the comic , they don't bother cloaking the identity of the ripper , but screenwriters terry hayes ( vertical limit ) and rafael yglesias ( les mis ?
1 	 rables ) do a good job of keeping him hidden from viewers until the very end .
1 	 it's funny to watch the locals blindly point the finger of blame at jews and indians because , after all , an englishman could never be capable of committing such ghastly acts .
1 	 and from hell's ending had me whistling the stonecutters song from the simpsons for days ( " who holds back the electric car/who made steve guttenberg a star ? "
1 	 ) .
1 	 don't worry - it'll all make sense when you see it .
1 	 now onto from hell's appearance : it's certainly dark and bleak enough , and it's surprising to see how much more it looks like a tim burton film than planet of the apes did ( at times , it seems like sleepy hollow 2 ) .
1 	 the print i saw wasn't completely finished ( both color and music had not been finalized , so no comments about marilyn manson ) , but cinematographer peter deming ( don't say a word ) ably captures the dreariness of victorian-era london and helped make the flashy killing scenes remind me of the crazy flashbacks in twin peaks , even though the violence in the film pales in comparison to that in the black-and-white comic .
1 	 oscar winner martin childs' ( shakespeare in love ) production design turns the original prague surroundings into one creepy place .
1 	 even the acting in from hell is solid , with the dreamy depp turning in a typically strong performance and deftly handling a british accent .
1 	 ians holm ( joe gould's secret ) and richardson ( 102 dalmatians ) log in great supporting roles , but the big surprise here is graham .
1 	 i cringed the first time she opened her mouth , imagining her attempt at an irish accent , but it actually wasn't half bad .
1 	 the film , however , is all good .
1 	 2 : 00 - r for strong violence/gore , sexuality , language and drug content
0 	 plot : two teen couples go to a church party , drink and then drive .
0 	 they get into an accident .
0 	 one of the guys dies , but his girlfriend continues to see him in her life , and has nightmares .
0 	 what's the deal ?
0 	 watch the movie and " sorta " find out .
0 	 critique : a mind-fuck movie for the teen generation that touches on a very cool idea , but presents it in a very bad package .
0 	 which is what makes this review an even harder one to write , since i generally applaud films which attempt to break the mold , mess with your head and such ( lost highway & memento ) , but there are good and bad ways of making all types of films , and these folks just didn't snag this one correctly .
0 	 they seem to have taken this pretty neat concept , but executed it terribly .
0 	 so what are the problems with the movie ?
0 	 well , its main problem is that it's simply too jumbled .
0 	 it starts off " normal " but then downshifts into this " fantasy " world in which you , as an audience member , have no idea what's going on .
0 	 there are dreams , there are characters coming back from the dead , there are others who look like the dead , there are strange apparitions , there are disappearances , there are a looooot of chase scenes , there are tons of weird things that happen , and most of it is simply not explained .
0 	 now i personally don't mind trying to unravel a film every now and then , but when all it does is give me the same clue over and over again , i get kind of fed up after a while , which is this film's biggest problem .
0 	 it's obviously got this big secret to hide , but it seems to want to hide it completely until its final five minutes .
0 	 and do they make things entertaining , thrilling or even engaging , in the meantime ?
0 	 not really .
0 	 the sad part is that the arrow and i both dig on flicks like this , so we actually figured most of it out by the half-way point , so all of the strangeness after that did start to make a little bit of sense , but it still didn't the make the film all that more entertaining .
0 	 i guess the bottom line with movies like this is that you should always make sure that the audience is " into it " even before they are given the secret password to enter your world of understanding .
0 	 i mean , showing melissa sagemiller running away from visions for about 20 minutes throughout the movie is just plain lazy !
0 	 okay , we get it .
0 	 there are people chasing her and we don't know who they are .
0 	 do we really need to see it over and over again ?
0 	 how about giving us different scenes offering further insight into all of the strangeness going down in the movie ?
0 	 apparently , the studio took this film away from its director and chopped it up themselves , and it shows .
0 	 there might've been a pretty decent teen mind-fuck movie in here somewhere , but i guess " the suits " decided that turning it into a music video with little edge , would make more sense .
0 	 the actors are pretty good for the most part , although wes bentley just seemed to be playing the exact same character that he did in american beauty , only in a new neighborhood .
0 	 but my biggest kudos go out to sagemiller , who holds her own throughout the entire film , and actually has you feeling her character's unraveling .
0 	 overall , the film doesn't stick because it doesn't entertain , it's confusing , it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime , despite a pretty cool ending and explanation to all of the craziness that came before it .
0 	 oh , and by the way , this is not a horror or teen slasher flick .
0 	 it's just packaged to look that way because someone is apparently assuming that the genre is still hot with the kids .
0 	 it also wrapped production two years ago and has been sitting on the shelves ever since .
0 	 whatever .
0 	 skip it !
0 	 where's joblo coming from ?
0 	 a nightmare of elm street 3 ( 7/10 ) - blair witch 2 ( 7/10 ) - the crow ( 9/10 ) - the crow : salvation ( 4/10 ) - lost highway ( 10/10 ) - memento ( 10/10 ) - the others ( 9/10 ) - stir of echoes ( 8/10 )
1 	 every now and then a movie comes along from a suspect studio , with every indication that it will be a stinker , and to everybody's surprise ( perhaps even the studio ) the film becomes a critical darling .
1 	 mtv films' _election , a high school comedy starring matthew broderick and reese witherspoon , is a current example .
1 	 did anybody know this film existed a week before it opened ?
1 	 the plot is deceptively simple .
1 	 george washington carver high school is having student elections .
1 	 tracy flick ( reese witherspoon ) is an over-achiever with her hand raised at nearly every question , way , way , high .
1 	 mr .
1 	 m ( matthew broderick ) , sick of the megalomaniac student , encourages paul , a popular-but-slow jock to run .
1 	 and paul's nihilistic sister jumps in the race as well , for personal reasons .
1 	 the dark side of such sleeper success is that , because expectations were so low going in , the fact that this was quality stuff made the reviews even more enthusiastic than they have any right to be .
1 	 you can't help going in with the baggage of glowing reviews , which is in contrast to the negative baggage that the reviewers were likely to have .
1 	 _election , a good film , does not live up to its hype .
1 	 what makes _election_ so disappointing is that it contains significant plot details lifted directly from _rushmore_ , released a few months earlier .
1 	 the similarities are staggering : tracy flick ( _election_ ) is the president of an extraordinary number of clubs , and is involved with the school play .
1 	 max fischer ( _rushmore_ ) is the president of an extraordinary number of clubs , and is involved with the school play .
1 	 the most significant tension of _election_ is the potential relationship between a teacher and his student .
1 	 the most significant tension of _rushmore_ is the potential relationship between a teacher and his student .
1 	 tracy flick is from a single parent home , which has contributed to her drive .
1 	 max fischer is from a single parent home , which has contributed to his drive .
1 	 the male bumbling adult in _election_ ( matthew broderick ) pursues an extramarital affair , gets caught , and his whole life is ruined .
1 	 he even gets a bee sting .
1 	 the male bumbling adult in _rushmore_ ( bill murray ) pursues an extramarital affair , gets caught , and his whole life is ruined .
1 	 he gets several bee stings .
1 	 and so on .
1 	 what happened ?
1 	 how is it that an individual screenplay ( _rushmore_ ) and a novel ( _election_ ) contain so many significant plot points , and yet both films were probably not even aware of each other , made from two different studios , from a genre ( the high school geeks revenge movie ) that hadn't been fully formed yet ?
1 	 even so , the strengths of _election_ rely upon its fantastic performances from broderick , witherspoon , and newcomer jessica campbell , as paul's anti-social sister , tammy .
1 	 broderick here is playing the mr .
1 	 rooney role from _ferris bueller_ , and he seems to be having the most fun he's had since then .
1 	 witherspoon is a revelation .
1 	 it's early in the year , it's a comedy , and teenagers have little clout , but for my money , witherspoon deserves an oscar nomination .
1 	 and once campbell's character gets going , like in her fantastic speech in the gymnasium , then you're won over .
1 	 one thing that's been bothering me since i've seen it .
1 	 there is an extraordinary amount of sexuality in this film .
1 	 i suppose that , coming from mtv films , i should expect no less .
1 	 but the film starts off light and airy , like a sitcom .
1 	 as the screws tighten , and the tensions mount , alexander payne decides to add elements that , frankly , distract from the story .
1 	 it is bad enough that mr .
1 	 m doesn't like tracy's determination to win at all costs , but did they have to throw in the student/teacher relationship ?
1 	 even so , there's no logical reason why mr .
1 	 m has an affair when he does .
1 	 there's a lot to like in _election_ , but the plot similarities to _rushmore_ , and the tonal nosedive it takes as it gets explicitly sex-driven , mark this as a disappointment .
0 	 once upon a time jean-claude van damme was a decent action hero .
0 	 the muscles from brussels bursted into the hollywood market with mindless adventure films , boasting his spectacular martial-arts ability .
0 	 some of these excursions were fun .
0 	 but now it seems like watching a van damme movie has become a painful chore , with no rewards but the virtually guaranteed helping of mind-numbing action .
0 	 and when the action goes sour , what is there left to enjoy ?
0 	 i'll explain .
0 	 knock off is about a pair of counterfeit jeans salesmen working out of an office in hong kong .
0 	 marcus ray ( van damme ) , a babe-magnet and stylish dresser , heads up the company with an annoying weasel of a partner ( rob schneider ) .
0 	 they become part of a plot involving microbombs implanted in counterfeit jeans , seemingly by a mole in the business .
0 	 i'm going to reveal about everything in the next paragraph , so if you want a review devoid of spoilers , skip onto the next one .
0 	 i'm not quite sure who gives a crap , but i'll issue a warning anyhow .
0 	 tommy is really working with the cia .
0 	 his boss ( a very hammy and flat paul sorvino ) is the mole , and he wants to cause carnage with these tiny but immensely powerful super weapons .
0 	 he even stoops so low to put them into children's toys .
0 	 if you thought this plot outline sounded intriguing , then you probably will enjoy knock off .
0 	 if you think that this ridiculous set-up couldn't even fill five minutes of screen time without causing you to roll over laughing , this might not be your cup of tea .
0 	 knock off sucks .
0 	 it stoops to ridiculous levels that most individuals could only conjure up in horrific nightmares .
0 	 it amazes me how far these producers will go to sell something , simply because van damme is the star .
0 	 the plot is pathetic garbage strung together by inane action sequences that will baffle your mind , the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe , and the action itself is an absolute catastrophe .
0 	 director tsui hark ( who teamed with van damme in the superior , but still lame-brained double team ) is at the helm , and he would rather attempt to dazzle us with fantastic camera angles than engage us with the plot .
0 	 i suppose i enjoyed some of the camera work , but the incessant desperation of it all made me rather nauseous .
0 	 the picture freezes in the middle of an action sequence , speeds are altered consistently , and the camera tricks mostly apply to traveling up gun barrels as the weapons are fired .
0 	 it all sounds very cool .
0 	 trust me , it isn't .
0 	 as much as it scars me to say this ( har , har ) , van damme is terrible .
0 	 sure , he does lots of fancy kickboxing moves and dodges giant crates with the greatest of ease .
0 	 he looks like he's doing a bad impersonation of jackie chan , and his performance is stiff and tired .
0 	 i hate to say it , but perhaps it's time for mr .
0 	 van damme to give up his day job .
0 	 it's really a test of endurance watching knock off .
0 	 i suppose there's some enjoyment derived from schneider's character , who is extremely annoying , but provides the film's better moments .
0 	 and what is the beautiful lela rochon doing in this movie ?
0 	 hopefully she grabbed her paycheck and then fled the premises like an olympic sprinter .
0 	 knock off doesn't even stand strong as a mindless but entertaining action film , like a handful of van damme's others .
0 	 no , this movie is an embarrassment to the entire action genre of modern filmmaking .
0 	 and considering how low hollywood has stooped as of late in that department , that is certainly not saying much .
0 	 note to self : avoid universal soldier 2 : the return upon release in august ?
0 	 99 .
